{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue233;\red20\green20\blue21;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c93333;\cssrgb\c10196\c10196\c10588;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa321\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Described as"a psychosocial crime" and an "attack on the human soul," here are key features of a life that gets targeted for "decomposition." \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.reddit.com/r/SurveillanceStalking/?f=flair_name%3A%22Surveillance%22"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \cb4 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 Surveillance \cb1 \ulnone \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf2 [I wrote this for a different platform but it keeps getting hidden behind a paywall for some reason so I decided to share it here] \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 Changes in relationships that are abrupt, unprovoked, unexplained, unnecessary, and unstoppable
\f1\b0  - this will be observed in acquaintances, friends and even family as they become suddenly secretive, contemptuous, dismissive. and aloof towards you. Sometimes a reason will be provided for the sudden change in treatment, but these reasons will sound flimsy, contrived, baffling. Your attempts to revive the relationship will fail. You will feel isolated as more and more get infected, so to speak. But the danger will not come from the people who have betrayed you, but those who have agreed to continue to remain in your circle as if they have not been contacted. \

\f0\b Astronomical number of coincidences
\f1\b0  - the sprawling, unrelenting, coordinated (multi person) and well orchestrated surveillance of your person will show, perhaps unavoidably, in the perfect timing of events that occur; events that may look random and mundane on the surface but whose occurrence and timing and sequence make perfect sense if understood using gang stalking as your framework. The understandable effort to dismiss these events as unconnected, requires that you dismiss them as mere coincidences. Given the sheer amount of these events, the number of coincidences in your life thus become astronomical. \

\f0\b Constant misfortune
\f1\b0  - processes that used to work, no brainer tasks, endeavors with guaranteed outcomes, long finalized plans, routine activities, etc - all these things will begin to sputter and later fail for reasons that are totally avoidable that make their occurrences dumbfounding, or extremely rare (Black swan events) that make their occurrences suspicious. It will seem as if the arc of your life is bent towards failure. But Life never deals anyone with hands that are all bad (or good) all the time. \
Note that having these experiences is insufficient to prove you\'92ve been targeted. That likelihood exponentially rises, however, when all three are experienced simultaneously over a period of time. \
}